webapp/basics/typography/typography-en.md, before:

## 1. Schrift
Als Schriftart wird die Hausschrift «SBB Web» als Web-Font verwendet und in den Schnitten Thin, Light, Roman und Bold eingesetzt.

Für gewisse Anwendungsbereiche ist der Einsatz einer Monospaced Schrift sinnvoll.
Bei erstem Bedarf wird die entsprechende Schrift ausgewählt. Aktuell stehen folgende zur Auswahl: 
* Courier
* OCR-B
* Consolas
* Roboto Mono
* DejaVu Sans Mono

## 2. Stile
Die hier definierten Schriftstile bilden die Basis von Webapplikationen und deren Komponenten. Werden andere eingesetzt ist auf eine klare Hierarchie zu achten ebenso wie auf ausreichenden Kontrast und entsprechenden Zeilen- / Absatzabstand. Für die Schriftfarben gelten die [SBB-Farben](https://digital.sbb.ch/de/farben).

### 2.1 Überschrift H1
![Darstellung des H1-Stils](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/sbb-design-systems/sbb-design-system/master/webapp/basics/typography/images/typo_h1.png 'class: image')
[Definition](https://sbb.invisionapp.com/d/main#/console/17140415/355320821/inspect)


### 2.2 Überschrift H2
![Darstellung des H2-Stils](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/sbb-design-systems/sbb-design-system/master/webapp/basics/typography/images/typo_h2.png 'class: image')
[Definition](https://sbb.invisionapp.com/d/main#/console/17140415/355320822/inspect)

### 2.3 Überschrift H3
![Darstellung des H3-Stils](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/sbb-design-systems/sbb-design-system/master/webapp/basics/typography/images/typo_h3.png 'class: image')
[Definition](https://sbb.invisionapp.com/d/main#/console/17140415/355320823/inspect)

### 2.4 Fliesstext (Copy)
![Darstellung des Fliesstext-Stils](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/sbb-design-systems/sbb-design-system/master/webapp/basics/typography/images/typo_copy.png 'class: image')
[Definition](https://sbb.invisionapp.com/d/main#/console/17140415/355320824/inspect)

### 2.5 Link
![Darstellung des Link-Stils](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/sbb-design-systems/sbb-design-system/master/webapp/basics/typography/images/typo_link.png 'class: image')
[Definition](https://sbb.invisionapp.com/d/main#/console/17140415/355320825/inspect)


### 2.6 Tabellenheader
![Darstellung des Stils einer Tabellenüberschrift](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/sbb-design-systems/sbb-design-system/master/webapp/basics/typography/images/typo_table_header.png 'class: image')
[Definition](https://sbb.invisionapp.com/d/main#/console/17140415/355320826/inspect)

### 2.7 Tabellendaten
![Darstellung des Stils von Tabelleninhalten](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/sbb-design-systems/sbb-design-system/master/webapp/basics/typography/images/typo_table_data.png 'class: image')
[Definition](https://sbb.invisionapp.com/d/main#/console/17140415/355320827/inspect)

Commit message:

Feat language webapp (#28)
* feat(webapp): add english translations (basics, modules)

* add english translations (basics, modules)

* feat(webapp): add english translations (components, index) and remove selectbutton

webapp/basics/typography/typography-en.md, after:

## 1. Font
The company font ‘SBB Web’ is used as a web font and in the styles Thin, Light, Roman and Bold.

The use of a mono-spaced font is recommended for some applications.
The font required is selected when used for the first time. The following fonts are currently available:
* Courier
* OCR-B
* Consolas
* Roboto Mono
* DejaVu Sans Mono


## 2. Style
The font styles defined here form the basis of web applications and their components. If others are used, a clear hierarchy must be ensured as well as sufficient contrast and appropriate line/paragraph spacing. The [SBB colours](https://digital.sbb.ch/de/farben) apply to the font colours.

### 2.1 Heading H1
![Image of the heading H1 text font style](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/sbb-design-systems/sbb-design-system/master/webapp/basics/typography/images/typo_h1.png 'class: image')
[Definition](https://sbb.invisionapp.com/d/main#/console/17140415/355320821/inspect)


### 2.2 Heading H2
![Image of the heading H2 text font style](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/sbb-design-systems/sbb-design-system/master/webapp/basics/typography/images/typo_h2.png 'class: image')
[Definition](https://sbb.invisionapp.com/d/main#/console/17140415/355320822/inspect)

### 2.3 Heading H3
![Image of the heading H3 text font style](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/sbb-design-systems/sbb-design-system/master/webapp/basics/typography/images/typo_h3.png 'class: image')
[Definition](https://sbb.invisionapp.com/d/main#/console/17140415/355320823/inspect)

### 2.4 Body copy
![Image of the body copy font style](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/sbb-design-systems/sbb-design-system/master/webapp/basics/typography/images/typo_copy.png 'class: image')
[Definition](https://sbb.invisionapp.com/d/main#/console/17140415/355320824/inspect)

### 2.5 Link
![Image of the link font style](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/sbb-design-systems/sbb-design-system/master/webapp/basics/typography/images/typo_link.png 'class: image')
[Definition](https://sbb.invisionapp.com/d/main#/console/17140415/355320825/inspect)

### 2.6 Table header
![Image of the table header font style](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/sbb-design-systems/sbb-design-system/master/webapp/basics/typography/images/typo_table_header.png 'class: image')
[Definition](https://sbb.invisionapp.com/d/main#/console/17140415/355320826/inspect)

### 2.7 Table data
![Image of the table data font style](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/sbb-design-systems/sbb-design-system/master/webapp/basics/typography/images/typo_table_data.png 'class: image')
[Definition](https://sbb.invisionapp.com/d/main#/console/17140415/355320827/inspect)
