webapp/basics/divider/divider-en.md, before:

## 1. Was macht das Element?
* Legt die vertikalen Abstände zwischen Elementen, Modulen oder Komponenten fest.

## 2. Wann soll das Element eingesetzt werden? 
* Bei jeder Anordnung von Elementen, Modulen und Komponenten.

## 3. Regeln 
* Keine

## 4. Ausprägungen
### 4.1 Thin
![Darstellung des Dividers Thin](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/sbb-design-systems/sbb-design-system/master/webapp/basics/divider/images/divider_thin.png 'class: image')

#### Design Spezifikation
*   [Default](https://sbb.invisionapp.com/d/main#/console/17140415/355318783/inspect)


### 4.2 Small 
![Darstellung des Dividers Small](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/sbb-design-systems/sbb-design-system/master/webapp/basics/divider/images/divider_small.png 'class: image')

#### Design Spezifikation
*   [Default](https://sbb.invisionapp.com/d/main#/console/17140415/355318784/inspect)


### 4.3 Medium
![Darstellung des Dividers Medium](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/sbb-design-systems/sbb-design-system/master/webapp/basics/divider/images/divider_medium.png 'class: image')

#### Design Spezifikation
*   [Default](https://sbb.invisionapp.com/d/main#/console/17140415/355318785/inspect)

### 4.4 Big
![Darstellung des Dividers Big](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/sbb-design-systems/sbb-design-system/master/webapp/basics/divider/images/divider_big.png 'class: image')

#### Design Spezifikation
*   [Default](https://sbb.invisionapp.com/d/main#/console/17140415/355318786/inspect)

Commit message:

Feat language webapp (#28)
* feat(webapp): add english translations (basics, modules)

* add english translations (basics, modules)

* feat(webapp): add english translations (components, index) and remove selectbutton

webapp/basics/divider/divider-en.md, after:

## 1. What does the element do?
* It determines the vertical spaces between elements, modules or components.


## 2. When should the element be used?
* For the layout of elements, modules and components.


## 3. Rules
* None


## 4. Variants
### 4.1 Thin
![Image of the thin divider](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/sbb-design-systems/sbb-design-system/master/webapp/basics/divider/images/divider_thin.png 'class: image')

#### Design specification
*   [Default](https://sbb.invisionapp.com/d/main#/console/17140415/355318783/inspect)

### 4.2 Small 
![Image of the small divider](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/sbb-design-systems/sbb-design-system/master/webapp/basics/divider/images/divider_small.png 'class: image')

#### Design specification
*   [Default](https://sbb.invisionapp.com/d/main#/console/17140415/355318784/inspect)

### 4.3 Medium
![Image of the medium divider](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/sbb-design-systems/sbb-design-system/master/webapp/basics/divider/images/divider_medium.png 'class: image')

#### Design specification
*   [Default](https://sbb.invisionapp.com/d/main#/console/17140415/355318785/inspect)

### 4.4 Big
![Image of the big divider](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/sbb-design-systems/sbb-design-system/master/webapp/basics/divider/images/divider_big.png 'class: image')

#### Design specification
*   [Default](https://sbb.invisionapp.com/d/main#/console/17140415/355318786/inspect)
